Update readme structure and content (#665)
google/fhir-data-pipes: pipelines/controller/README.md

# FHIR Pipelines Controller

> The FHIR Pipelines Controller helps you schedule and manage the transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FHIR Pipelines Controller helps you schedule and manage the continuous transformation
```

of data from a [HAPI FHIR server](https://hapifhir.io/) to a collection of

> Apache Parquet files. It uses the FHIR Data Pipes JDBC pipeline to run either

Reviewer: Let's drop "JDBC" from here as it is going to be changed soon, i.e., both FHIR-search and JDBC will be supported.

Author: How soon? Ideally if this PR is merged now it reflects the current state, and this is updated when both are supported.

full or incremental transformations to a Parquet data warehouse.

> The FHIR Pipelines Controller only works with HAPI FHIR servers using Postgres.

Reviewer: Only applies to JDBC mode and the note on PostgreSQL is not necessarily correct (although we have not tried), so:
```suggestion
The JDBC mode of FHIR Pipelines Controller only works with HAPI FHIR servers.
```

You can see
[an example of configuring a HAPI FHIR server to use Postgres here](https://github.com/hapifhir/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter#postgresql-configuration).

## Usage

### Setup

Clone the
[fhir-data-pipes GitHub repository](https://github.com/google/fhir-data-pipes),
open a terminal window, and `cd` to the directory where you cloned it. Later

> terminal commands will assume your working directory is the repository root.

Reviewer: Suggestion: change the assumption and start from the `pipelines/controller` directory instead as I think you have no commands run from the root (in the current version, other than `cd pipelines/controller` below). Then update the paths below to be relative to the `controller` directory, i.e., drop `pipelines/controller`.

Next, configure the FHIR Pipelines Controller. The FHIR Pipelines Controller
relies on several configuration files to run. Edit them to match your
environment and requirements.

> - <code>[pipelines/controller/config/application.yaml](https://github.com/google/fhir-data-pipes/blob/master/pipelines/controller/config/application.yaml)</code>

Reviewer: ditto; please use relative paths/links, here and everywhere else.

  - The main settings for the FHIR Pipelines Controller. Edit the values to
    match your HAPI FHIR server and use case.
- <code>[pipelines/controller/config/hapi-postgres-config.json](https://github.com/google/fhir-data-pipes/blob/master/pipelines/controller/config/hapi-postgres-config.json)</code>
  - JDBC settings. Edit the values to match the Postgres database of your HAPI
    FHIR server.

> - <code>[pipelines/controller/config/flink-conf.yaml](https://github.com/google/fhir-data-pipes/blob/master/pipelines/controller/config/flink-conf.yaml)</code>

Reviewer: I think for this to have an affect, we should also set this env. var: `export FLINK_CONF_DIR=[PATH]/config`. Please also clarify that this has to be set otherwise the updated value of `taskmanager.memory.network.max` is not picked up and the default will produce memory errors for large datasets (this is also needed to be adjusted if the machine does not have a lot of memory).

  - FlinkRunner settings. Edit the values to adjust Flink, if desired.
- <code>[pipelines/controller/config/thriftserver-hive-config.json](https://github.com/google/fhir-data-pipes/blob/master/pipelines/controller/config/thriftserver-hive-config.json)</code>
  - Settings used to connect to a Spark server when
    <code>createHiveResourceTables</code> is set to <code>true</code>. Edit the
    values to match your Spark server if necessary.

### Run the FHIR Pipelines Controller

From the terminal run:

```
cd pipelines/controller/

> mvn spring-boot:run

Reviewer: There is also a maven/spring independent version of this: `java -jar ./target/controller-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT-exec.jar`; maybe it is worth mentioning that as well.

```

Open a web browser and visit http://localhost:8080. You should see the FHIR
Pipelines Control Panel.

There are 3 ways to have the FHIR Pipelines Controller run the transformation
pipeline:

- Manually trigger the **Run Full** option by clicking the button. This

>   transforms the whole database to Parquet files. You are required to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  transforms all of the selected FHIR resource types to Parquet files. You are required to use the
```
